                        Project Documentation:

Title:
Web Portfolio.

Description:
This will be my first website project, I will be creating my Portfolio.
Which will contain 4 pages made of HomePage, about me,
projects completed/working on and contact page.
What will each page contain (raf idea):
I will try to keep my first project as simple as possible 
so it is easy to see and navigate around the site.
HomePage:
This page will have a background image related to one of my hobbies (image not decided yet 13/03/23 n1).
On top of the background image will have a big container/div box which will contain the main content of the page.
Inside of the first and main container, at the top right corner my full name will be displayed,
then across the name at the left corner will have two navigation buttons which will take the user to “about me” and “contact me” page.
Below the name and navigation button there will be a title describing me (text will be aligned to the centre).
Below the title on the right corner there will be a short description about me and a small rounded profile picture of mine right next to it
(exact location to be decided. 13/03/23 n2) and a button which will take the user to my projects. Opposite side at the right corner,
there will be a text describing my current work situation and what I am looking forward to. Below there will be a button which will take the user to my CV/work experience.

About me:
The About me page will carry out the same layout of the homepage with small changes to it.
Image of the background either will be changed to a different hobby related image or just a simple white or grey background,
my name will contain a link taking the user back to the home page.
Rest of the navigation bar will stay the same (buttons might change depending on the current page will be decided later on 13/03/23 n3).
The main content of the home page will have a small rounded profile picture of mine and a text box container about me.
The page will also contain social links such as linkedin, github and email.
At the button of the page I will have the logos of the companies and organisations I have worked for. 

Contact me:
Contact me will carry the exact same layout of the about me page
if there is a background image then it will be a different background image on this page.
In this page the text box container about me will be changed to contact information
and a form application to reach out to me through the portfolio and there will be a link to open/see my CV.
At the button I might include a link to my social media accounts.
